# Contributor License Agreement ("CLA")

This Contributor License Agreement (the “Agreement”) allows for the contribution of code to this project, akamai/edgeworkers-examples, (the “Project”) and is intended to establish that each such contribution (a “Contribution”) is subject to the terms specified below. Specifically, this Agreement allows an individual to submit Contributions to the Project – or an entity (a “Corporation”) to submit Contributions to the Project or to authorize Contributions submitted by its designated employees – and to grant copyright and patent licenses thereto.

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions submitted to the Project. You retain copyright(s) in your Contribution(s) and, except for the license granted herein, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.

1.	Definitions.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is accepting this Agreement. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"Contribution" shall mean the code, documentation, and any original work of authorship,  including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You for inclusion in the Project.

2.	Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You  hereby grant to Akamai, the Project’s maintainers, contributors, and users, and to recipients of software distributed by Akamai, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to use, reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform,  and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works, and to sublicense any or all of the foregoing rights to third parties.

3.	Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Akamai, the project’s maintainers, contributors, and users, and to recipients of software distributed by Akamai, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, modify, and otherwise transfer Your Contributions and the Project, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Project to which such Contribution(s) was/were submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that one or more of your Contributions, or the Project to which you have  contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that/those Contribution(s) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.
 
4.	You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above licenses, and that each employee of the Corporation designated by You is authorized to submit Contributions on behalf of the Corporation. You further represent that (i) Your Contributions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction of which you are aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions; and (ii) none of your Contributions, as submitted by You, will include: (a) any code or instructions that may disrupt, damage, or interfere with use of Your Contributions or the Project, e.g. malicious code, viruses, or Trojan horses; (b) any code, mechanisms, or other means capable of transmitting to or disclosing to You or any other party any data, content, or information of those that use Your Contributions, either alone or as part of the Project; (c) any code, mechanisms, or other means capable of altering, damaging, or erasing any data, content, or information of those that use Your Contributions, either alone or as part of the Project, which alteration, damage, or erasure is conducted outside the control of the person using Your Contribution(s); or (d) any “back doors” or “trap doors” that allow for access to code controlled by users of Your Contributions by bypassing security features. 

5.	You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You  desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, and except for the representations and warranties included in this Agreement, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

6.	 Cryptographic software is subject to U.S. government export control and economic sanctions laws (“U.S. Export Laws”) including the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security’s (“BIS”) Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”, 15 CFR 730 et seq., http://www.bis.doc.gov/ ). By making a Contribution or other submission of software or technology to the Project, You may also be subject to U.S. Export Laws, including the requirements of license exception TSU in accordance with part 740.13(e) of the EAR. It is Your responsibility to ensure compliance with U.S. Export Laws when making a Contribution or other submission to the Project. Software and/or technical data subject to the U.S. Export Laws may not be directly or indirectly exported, re-exported, transferred, or released (“exported”) to then current U.S. embargoed or sanctioned destinations. U.S. Export Laws prohibit the acceptance of contributions from nationals of embargoed and sanctioned countries. In addition, software and/or technical data may not be exported to an entity barred by the U.S. government from participating in export activities. Denied persons or entities include those listed on BIS’s Denied Persons and Entities Lists, and the US Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control’s Specially Designated Nationals List. The country in which You currently are located may have restrictions on the import, possession, use or re-export of encryption software. You are responsible for compliance with the laws where You are located.
